Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
In the previous lecture we discussed how can we lower the data which is simply our smiling and smiling
faces.
So here we are in the previous section we just came up with extreme ytn accessed weightiest which is
kind of you know the data that we need to start training our our model and the section in step 3.
What we're going to do that we're going to go ahead and start visual either data.
Let's take a look at know a couple of images and see if they actually make sense or not.
All right.
So I'm going to do here that we're going to first generate around the number.
Okay.
And using the random package and we're going to do that we're going to image use plot that image show
to actually show our image.
All right let's go ahead and see what can you do with this mistake.
I equals two random dot reined in.
And then I can select any random number from one to six hundred.
Why.
Because we know that we have 600 images in the training dataset.
Right.
So when we add on this letter on it and actually it's take a look at that one generally.
Just any random number it's 4 9 3 any number between one and 600.
Let's run it again.
8 5 9 3.
One more time.
They'll get five 10 whatever.
Right.
Then all we need to do here.
They're going to go ahead and say okay LTE The images show actually show our image and we're going to
pass along our exchange.
OK.
Which is our an umpire Ray and we're going to select in the eye.
So simply put a single key.
Let's go with index you in here.
And you know whatever that round the number is and actually plot or show us our image.
All right.
Let's run it again.
Let's sit on it.
And that's our image in here.
OK.
He looks kind of you know pretty pretty sad he doesn't look like it smiling to me.
So let's make sure that the actual label which is you know the opiate intended output of our network
which is supposed to be either zede or one actually makes sense to.
So let's go ahead and do this.
We're going to do going to take a print and we're going to pass along a word why underscored teen age.
We're going to see the exact same eye again here.
I'm just plodding the index or the kind of the label.
All right.
Bringing the label you know ytn corresponding to that image extreme.
All right so let's try that.
And it looked like one for us which is you know a kind of little bit strange because he was expecting
the person to be like you know one means smiling right.
It doesn't look like smiling to me.
So let's hear it again.
Let's pick one random number again and the number again doesn't look happy to.
And that makes sense.
So it should show zero.
That's fine.
Again one more time.
OK.
And zew as well.
He doesn't look happy.
Let's run it again one more time.
Zero.
Key I want to see a happy face.
Unfortunately we can't see any happy face Xu as well he looks sad as well.
One more time.
That's a look smiling.
And that's where the tag actually showed one which makes sense.
So instead of actually doing this you know in a very like you know like a menu one way or when to do
here they want to create a grid okay of 25 images.
So simply put I wanted to show five rows and five columns and going to put all our images in there.
OK.
And just to let you know what kind of in one just for a loop what were going to do here and then go
ahead and plot all our images in one in one shot.
OK so let's define the dimensions of the grid and say okay deblois underscored a grid.
You can call it whatever let's say equals five.
And length of the grid equals two five as well.
All right.
Kate looks good.
Let's run there.
Looks good.
All going to do it as well.
They were going to use the subplots P.A. subplots from Matlock live which is well done before the games.
You know we're not familiar with it.
Please go ahead.
Back to the introduction sections within the course that talk about how can we use map or live misick
figure.
And then we're going to say axes equals two tlt Dot sub plots.
And they're not going to pass along our underscore grid deblois underscore grid and we're going to pass
along our figure size of Fig size.
Big size I'm not going to pass along.
I'm sorry.
Fixes equals two.
They're going to pass along here our 25 by 25.
This is just a very lucky number here.
I tried it before and it looks pretty good.
So that's how we justify the subplots.
We're going to do here afterwards when I say okay axes equals two axes dot raval that's simply we're
going to flatten our our our matrix our matis was just going to make it.
The axes were going to flatten it up.
I'm going to show you why we do that right now when we start plotting.
Then we need to get before going ahead and doing the full loop.
We're going to get the number of training data sets we're going to say entraining which is number of
tiny dataset equal axes dot I'm sorry.
Equal to length of our extreme.
So we went to the extreme in which we know that there are six hundred samples which is good the length
of exchange.
And with that in entry and now we are ready to do ahead go ahead and do the full loop and say okay for
I in n.p. that range and we're going to pass along our beta can do a full loop from zero up till 25
which is the length of the grid and the width of the grid.
What to do there.
So could you underscore a grid multiplied by underscore grid.
Correct.
And afterwards we're going to say okay let's select any random index again empty dot random which I've
done before dot rent in it.
And again select any random number from zero up till underscores training.
That's looks looks good.
Again just healed we to do a follow up from to do basically loop around our 25 semples which is you
know L. great times w off the grid.
Every time I'm going to select a random number from 0 to 600.
Okay.
And then afterwards let's start plotting it to say it axes.
And I'm going to pass along index dot images show and we're going to pass along some discord treen and
Wiggin pass along our index or here then and the number we're going to feed it back here.
And we're just going to show that image in that specific index which is you know like let's say the
first element within it and then go ahead and loop again.
And that index we're going to be updated.
Come here select a random number and then plotted again in the second for example element and the Matrix
and so on and so forth.
And then afterwards what I wanted to show as well that wanted to show the label so and so key axes but
I dont set underscored tidal and what going to pass along our y underscored train of index index or
I.
And actually let's go ahead as well and said the font size to let's say equal to 25.
And one last step.
Actually it looks good.
Now let's go ahead and start to plot in and see what's going to happen.
Let's run that Gates a little bit of why that's good.
As long as we'd have seen any error and here we go here we have again our meetings or grid 20 basically
five key elements and five elements.
And he reported the actual image along with the actual intended label or in the intended target class.
So this is smiling.
So it shows one good this is not smiling he said Zero.
He seems said zero sad sad.
Looks good smiling smiling Okay smiling in the kids one.
All right.
It seems like the data is pretty good makes sense to us.
He's smiling you know smiling.
The point is if you don't make sense of the data if you're being tough you know for the deep deep network
or the convolution your networks actually make sense of the data too.
So what you need to do with it actually first to review the data.
And that's kind of you know the strategy going to follow anyways to before running any before actually
training the model you need to make sure that he has a human.
Actually this makes sense to you.
All right now we're ready for a quick challenge.
What I'm asking you to do is please go ahead here.
And I wanted to instead of plotting a grid of five by five.
I want you to great to plot a grid of 10 by 10.
OK.
And showing the indices as well.
All right.
Please go ahead and post a video.
And I'm going to be back after the challenge.
All right.
Hope you were able to figure out the challenge yourself.
So when I ask you to do it simply go ahead and plot 10 by 10 matrix.
So let's go ahead here and change this number from five to 10.
He is changing from five to 10.
And let's give it a shot.
So sticking to a bit more obviously because we're played pleaded think he had hundred images.
And here we go.
Here are all our images.
So first point is okay.
The data looks good to us but the only problem is you know it seems like we need some space in here
and we need to remove as well of the slaking all kind of the number of pixels you have 64 by 64.
I know that the pixels are 64 bit 64.
Anyways in order to do they're going to select axes.
I am going to say Dot access and we can't send that to off that we're simply going a kind of you know
a disable of the x and y here.
Labels and wanted to do as well actually written on them.
Let's see what's going to happen.
All right.
Okay looks good.
One more change we can do as well.
Maybe we can increase the hype here between the images.
So all we could do going to look at the ulty dot sub plots underscore a just an we can set each space
which is extensive and the likely height here was kind of you know the space in a vertical direction
equal to two point four or eight or whatever whatever number you want it to.
Let's run it again.
Here we go.
Looks great.
So now we have our image and we have our label as well.
Looks pretty good to us.
And the data make sense now.
All right.
Okay.
So that's pretty much what I have for this lecture.
Again let's recap what we have done so far.
He just selected around the number we plotted the image along with its label.
That looks good.
And he did we went and plotted basically a grid or kind of a matrix of 10 by 10 or five by five showing
all the images along with the labels.
And the next section we're actually going to be a very exciting section because now we're going to actually
go ahead and stop training our model.
Please stay tuned and see you in the next lecture.